daddy hello sweetie
come by we'll have some breakfast it'll
be a long trip I'm in Venice the next 45
minutes we own this place gentlemen
let's go the plan was flawless
okay Steve it's right above him the
heist was perfect the escape was clean
we just stole 35 million dollars worth
of gold without even holding a gun the
only threat was the one they never saw
coming
what the hell are you doing if you plans
my own there's nowhere you can go we
won't find you it's probably right John
Bonham's teller is in Los Angeles
stealing that gold is not gonna bring my
father back it's not about the gold
Stella John was like a father to me too
and I just can't move on it so I set
things right
they're not in it for the pay Steve
gang's all here you have no idea how
hard it is for me not to reach across
this table and kill you you want to
start the game up again that's fine with
me they're in it for the baby bag I want
to see the look on that man's face when
this gold is gone you'll try to think
how my guards I have five of them that
you don't know about
trying to hack the system you ready to
create the biggest traffic jam in
history Los Angeles I'm so ready
oops you gonna try to crack my safe he
took my father for me I'm taking this
you just blew the best thing I had going
for you just bloom the element of
surprise surprised why do you get to
punch him and I don't Paramount Pictures
presents the gold was coming to us
gridlock every route except for the one
we choose force that truck to go exactly
where we want it to go before they hit
the street wahlberg guys the truth
edward norton we made our play and i
came out on top so when I say it's over
five seconds of paint we train Shirley's
Darrin he's switched safes on us he said
he'd never let that gold out of his
sight plus his plane he is proud of
moves the game is over just give up
already
no imagination
the Italian job you know this is never
about the gold whatever helps you sleep
at night sweetheart